Allow to customize how `<FilterListItem>` applies filters (#8676)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/FilterList.md

{% endraw %}

**Tip**: The `<FilterList>` Sidebar is not a good UI for small screens. You can choose to hide it on small screens (as in the previous example). A good tradeoff is to use `<FilterList>` on large screens, and the Filter Button/Form combo on Mobile.

> ## Customize How Filters Are Applied

Reviewer: I'd call it "cumulative filters"

Author: I disagree, that's only one of the possible use cases

Reviewer 2: @djhi Can you still mention the words "cumulative filters" in the doc, before the example, so that an Algolia search would still lead to this page?

Author: Cumulative, additive. I'm not sure what's the best one here

Sometimes, you may want to customize how filters are applied. For instance, by allowing users to select multiple items such as selecting multiple categories. The `<FilterListItem>` component accepts two props for this purpose:

> 

Reviewer: I'd add a screencast of your story to illustrate this

Author: Done

{% endraw %}

**Tip**: The `<FilterList>` Sidebar is not a good UI for small screens. You can choose to hide it on small screens (as in the previous example). A good tradeoff is to use `<FilterList>` on large screens, and the Filter Button/Form combo on Mobile.

## Customize How Filters Are Applied

Sometimes, you may want to customize how filters are applied. For instance, by allowing users to select multiple items such as selecting multiple categories. The `<FilterListItem>` component accepts two props for this purpose:

> - `isSelected`: accept a function that receive the item value and the currently applied filters. It must return a boolean.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `isSelected`: accepts a function that receives the item value and the currently applied filters. It must return a boolean.
```

> - `toggleFilter`: accept a function that receive the item value and the currently applied filters. It is called when user toggle a filter and must return the new filters to apply.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `toggleFilter`: accepts a function that receives the item value and the currently applied filters. It is called when user toggles a filter and must return the new filters to apply.
```
